# SNHU-CS340
Client/Server Development

Following proper naming conventions allow the code to stay readable. Typeing the methods needed to be used for CRUD in a python file, allows me to read in the file in multiple projects. An advantage to this is that it could save time on future projects. The python file has also been fixed from errors, saving more time on debbuging. Having the CRUD file already on head allows me to just import it to other projects that would require the same functionality. As a computer scientist, my approuch to a problem would require me to know what the problem is. Is it a problem on our end, is it a problem with financeing the project, or is it just a simple debbuging issue. The approach would change based on what is needed for that particular issue. When it came to this project my approach was based on learning new thing. I read alot and tried to grasp on concepts before diving into anything. Before this I never did anything with databased or query based languges. I needed to understand what and how they are used before actually using them myself. This was different for me because in other classes I was able to build on previous skills while this felt like I was learning from scratch. The strategy of reading in a file for a database allows the database to be build alot faster than creating a new item from scratch. The database holds all the information needed for company to operate. It would be my job to help with maintaining the database using the different methods in my CRUD file.
